README.md, before:

# JavaScript-Basic-Practice-Problems
> This repository have all necessary JavaScript basics practice problems.

## Exercise 1.
> Write a JavaScript program to find the area of a triangle where lengths of the three of its sides are 5, 6, 7.

## Exercise 2.
> Write a JavaScript program to display the current day and time in the following format.
> Sample Output : Today is : Tuesday.
> Current time is : 10 PM : 30 : 38.

## Exercise 3.
> Write a JavaScript program to get the current date.
> Expected Output :
> mm-dd-yyyy, mm/dd/yyyy or dd-mm-yyyy, dd/mm/yyyy

## Exercise 4.
> Write a JavaScript program to determine whether a given year is a leap year in the Gregorian calendar. 

## Exercise 5.
> Write a JavaScript program where the program takes a random integer between 1 to 10, the user is then prompted to input a guess number. If the user input matches with guess number, the program will display a message "Good Work" otherwise display a message "Not matched".

## Exercise 6.
> Write a JavaScript program to calculate multiplication and division of two numbers (input from user). 

## Exercise 7.
> Write a JavaScript program to convert temperatures to and from Celsius, Fahrenheit.  Go to the editor
[ Formula : c/5 = (f-32)/9 [ where c = temperature in Celsius and f = temperature in Fahrenheit ]
Expected Output :
60°C is 140 °F
45°F is 7.222222222222222°C

## Exercise 8.
> Write a JavaScript exercise to get the extension of a filename.

## Exercise 9.
> Write a JavaScript program to get the website URL (loading page).

## Exercise 10.
> Write a JavaScript program to compute the sum of the two given integers. If the two values are same, then returns triple their sum.

Commit message:

✅  Readmee Updated.
Readme updated. Some new things I will add to the readme are.
1. Collaboration note.
2. Future Plans.
3. New description.

README.md, after:

# JavaScript-Basic-Practice-Problems
This repository simply helps developer who wants to practice JavaScript. This repositoty have multiple Javascript paractice problems with there solution.

## Note.
Feel free to contribute to this repository.

## Future Plans.
In future i will add some alot more practice questions to this repository including.
1. Advanced JavaScript.
2. JavaScript DOM.
3. JavaScript Validations.
4. DSA in JavaScrpit.

## Exercise 1.
> Write a JavaScript program to find the area of a triangle where lengths of the three of its sides are 5, 6, 7.

## Exercise 2.
> Write a JavaScript program to display the current day and time in the following format.
> Sample Output : Today is : Tuesday.
> Current time is : 10 PM : 30 : 38.

## Exercise 3.
> Write a JavaScript program to get the current date.
> Expected Output :
> mm-dd-yyyy, mm/dd/yyyy or dd-mm-yyyy, dd/mm/yyyy

## Exercise 4.
> Write a JavaScript program to determine whether a given year is a leap year in the Gregorian calendar. 

## Exercise 5.
> Write a JavaScript program where the program takes a random integer between 1 to 10, the user is then prompted to input a guess number. If the user input matches with guess number, the program will display a message "Good Work" otherwise display a message "Not matched".

## Exercise 6.
> Write a JavaScript program to calculate multiplication and division of two numbers (input from user). 

## Exercise 7.
> Write a JavaScript program to convert temperatures to and from Celsius, Fahrenheit.  Go to the editor
[ Formula : c/5 = (f-32)/9 [ where c = temperature in Celsius and f = temperature in Fahrenheit ]
Expected Output :
60°C is 140 °F
45°F is 7.222222222222222°C

## Exercise 8.
> Write a JavaScript exercise to get the extension of a filename.

## Exercise 9.
> Write a JavaScript program to get the website URL (loading page).

## Exercise 10.
> Write a JavaScript program to compute the sum of the two given integers. If the two values are same, then returns triple their sum.
